Recycler module localization (#321)
lonnieezell/Bonfire2: docs/building_admin_modules/recycler.md

**columns** is an array of database column names for this resource that will be displayed on the Recycler table. 
This information should only be what is needed to allow someone to find the correct record. 

## Localization of Column names in Recycler

> To localize the column names, an array `recycler` should created in the localization file of the module, named after the `$resource['label']` value (with the `.php` extension (in case of label 'Users' – Users.php). The array should have subkeys `label` and `columns`, with each column name corresponding `$resource['columns']` array value. Example for module Users:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To localize the column names, an array `recycler` should be created in the module's language file, named after the `$resource['label']` value (with the `.php` extension (in case of label 'Users' – Users.php). The array should have sub-keys `label` and `columns`, with each column name corresponding `$resource['columns']` array value. Example for module Users:
```
